# Async API + tx functions

### Sync/AsyncAPIs

All getter methods now have an asynchronous equivalent method that returns a Scala Future with the data:

- `get` / `getAsync` - Default List of typed tuples for convenient access to smaller data sets.
- `getArray` / `getAsyncArray` - Array of typed tuples for fast retrieval and traversing of large data sets.
- `getIterable` / `getAsyncIterable` - Iterable of typed tuples for lazy evaluation of data
- `getJson` / `getAsyncJson` - Json formatted result data
- `getRaw` / `getAsyncRaw` - Raw untyped data from Datomic

All transactional operations on molecules now similarly have async implementations returning a Future with
a `TxReport` containing data about the transaction.

- `save` / `saveAsync`
- `insert` / `insertAsync`
- `update` / `updateAsync`
- `retract` / `retractAsync`

### Tx functions

Molecule now implements typed transaction functions.

Within the tx function you have access to the transaction database value so that you can ensure any 
synchronization constraints before returning the resulting tx statements to be transacted. To abort
the whole transaction if a constraint is not met, simply throw an exception. Either all tx statements 
will transact successfully or none will thereby ensuring atomicity of the transaction.

Any complexity of logic can be performed within a tx function as long as no side effects are produced
(like trying to update the database within the tx method body).


### Tx function definitions

Tx functions in Datomic are untyped (takes arguments of type `Object`). But Molecule allows you to 
define typed tx methods inside a `@TxFns`-annotated object that will automatically create equivalent "twin" 
functions with the shape that Datomic expects and save them in the Datamic database transparently for you.

```scala
@TxFns
object myTxFns {
  // Constraint check before multiple updates
  def transfer(from: Long, to: Long, amount: Int)(implicit conn: Conn): Seq[Seq[Statement]] = {
    // Validate sufficient funds in from-account
    val curFromBalance = Ns(from).int.get.headOption.getOrElse(0)
    
    if (curFromBalance < amount)
      // Throw exception to abort the whole transaction
      throw new TxFnException(s"Can't transfer $amount from account $from having a balance of only $curFromBalance.")

    // Calculate new balances
    val newFromBalance = curFromBalance - amount
    val newToBalance = Ns(to).int.get.headOption.getOrElse(0) + amount

    // Update accounts
    Ns(from).int(newFromBalance).getUpdateTx ++ Ns(to).int(newToBalance).getUpdateTx
  }
}
```

Tx function are invoked in application code with the `transact` or `transactAsync` method:
```scala
transact(transfer(fromAccount, toAccount, 20))
```
`transact` (or `transactAsync`) is a macro that analyzes the tx function signature to be able to
invoke its generated twin method within Datomic.


### Bundled transactions

If the transactional logic is not dependent on access to the transaction database value, 
multiple "bundled" tx statements can now be created by adding molecule tx statements to
one of the bundling `transact` or `transactAsync` methods:

```scala
transact(
  // retract
  e1.getRetractTx,
  // save
  Ns.int(4).getSaveTx,
  // insert
  Ns.int.getInsertTx(List(5, 6)),
  // update
  Ns(e2).int(20).getUpdateTx
)
```
Tx statement getters for the molecule operations are used to get the tx statements to be transacted
in one transaction. As with tx functions, only all tx statements will atomically transact or none will
if there is some transactional error. 


### Composite syntax
Composite molecules are now tied together with `+` instead of `~`.
```scala
m(Ref2.int2 + Ns.int).get.sorted === Seq(
  (1, 11),
  (2, 22)
)
```
This change was made to avoid collision with the upcoming splice operator `~` in the next
major version of Scala/Dotty (see [MACROS: THE PLAN FOR SCALA 3](https://www.scala-lang.org/blog/2018/04/30/in-a-nutshell.html))

Composite inserts previously had its own special insert method but now shares syntax 
with other inserts

```scala
val List(e1, e2) = Ref2.int2 + Ns.int insert Seq(
  // Two rows of data
  (1, 11),
  (2, 22)
) eids
``` 

